Readme.md, before:

# Sandrider - A Shai-Hulud Malware Detector

Detects any instances of the [Shai-Hulud](https://socket.dev/blog/ongoing-supply-chain-attack-targets-crowdstrike-npm-packages) supply chain attack against NPM packages. 
It has **no external dependencies**. 

It recursively scans any provided folder for clear cut indicators of compromise. The script is meant to be **small**, easily **auditable** and useable in **CI pipelines**.
Since the attack targets the NPM infrastructure, the script is written in ES6 so that affected development teams can easily use it. 

## Usage
- `node index.mjs` - Scans the current working directory for Shai-Hulud
- `node index.mjs [path]` - Scans [path] for Shai-Hulud

The script can be run as a standalone executable in *nix systems, assuming node is installed:
- `./index.mjs` - Scans the current working directory for Shai-Hulud
- `./index.mjs [path]` - Scans [path] for Shai-Hulud

It's also possible to get versbose output (order does not matter):
- `node index.mjs -v`
- `node index.mjs -v [path]`
- `node index.mjs [path] -v`

## How it works
New packages continue to be identified as this worm spreads. By focusing on the hash rather than package versions, this script can identify future infections and spread.

Currently, the most reliable way to identify compromise is to check for any `bundle.js` with the following sha256 hashes:
```
de0e25a3e6c1e1e5998b306b7141b3dc4c0088da9d7bb47c1c00c91e6e4f85d6
81d2a004a1bca6ef87a1caf7d0e0b355ad1764238e40ff6d1b1cb77ad4f595c3
83a650ce44b2a9854802a7fb4c202877815274c129af49e6c2d1d5d5d55c501e
4b2399646573bb737c4969563303d8ee2e9ddbd1b271f1ca9e35ea78062538db
dc67467a39b70d1cd4c1f7f7a459b35058163592f4a9e8fb4dffcbba98ef210c
46faab8ab153fae6e80e7cca38eab363075bb524edd79e42269217a083628f09
b74caeaa75e077c99f7d44f46daaf9796a3be43ecf24f2a1fd381844669da777
```

## Limitations
These hashes correspond to the versions of Shai-Hulud known to be in circulation at the time of writing. Any potential new version with a different hash will not be detectable. 
If more versions surface, then this script will modified to reflect that.

Commit message:

Update to include Sha1 Hulud

Readme.md, after:

# Sandrider - A Shai-Hulud Malware Detector

Detects any instances of the [Shai-Hulud](https://socket.dev/blog/ongoing-supply-chain-attack-targets-crowdstrike-npm-packages) supply chain attack against NPM packages. 
This includes the variant dubbed [Sha1-Hulud](https://socket.dev/blog/shai-hulud-strikes-again-v2) that surfaced in November 24, 2025. 
It has **no external dependencies**. 

It recursively scans any provided folder for clear cut indicators of compromise. The script is meant to be **small**, easily **auditable** and useable in **CI pipelines**.
Since the attack targets the NPM infrastructure, the script is written in ES6 so that affected development teams can easily use it. 

## Usage
- `node index.mjs` - Scans the current working directory for Shai-Hulud
- `node index.mjs [path]` - Scans [path] for Shai-Hulud

The script can be run as a standalone executable in *nix systems, assuming node is installed:
- `./index.mjs` - Scans the current working directory for Shai-Hulud
- `./index.mjs [path]` - Scans [path] for Shai-Hulud

It's also possible to get versbose output (order does not matter):
- `node index.mjs -v`
- `node index.mjs -v [path]`
- `node index.mjs [path] -v`

## How it works
New packages continue to be identified as this worm spreads. By focusing on the hash rather than package versions, this script can identify future infections and spread.

Currently, the most reliable way to identify compromise is to check for 

 - Any `bundle.js` with the following sha256 hashes:
```
de0e25a3e6c1e1e5998b306b7141b3dc4c0088da9d7bb47c1c00c91e6e4f85d6
81d2a004a1bca6ef87a1caf7d0e0b355ad1764238e40ff6d1b1cb77ad4f595c3
83a650ce44b2a9854802a7fb4c202877815274c129af49e6c2d1d5d5d55c501e
4b2399646573bb737c4969563303d8ee2e9ddbd1b271f1ca9e35ea78062538db
dc67467a39b70d1cd4c1f7f7a459b35058163592f4a9e8fb4dffcbba98ef210c
46faab8ab153fae6e80e7cca38eab363075bb524edd79e42269217a083628f09
b74caeaa75e077c99f7d44f46daaf9796a3be43ecf24f2a1fd381844669da777
```
 - Any `setup-bun.js` with the following sha256 hashes:
```
a3894003ad1d293ba96d77881ccd2071446dc3f65f434669b49b3da92421901a
```


## Limitations
These hashes correspond to the versions of Shai-Hulud known to be in circulation at the time of writing. Any potential new version with a different hash will not be detectable. 
If more versions surface, then this script will modified to reflect that.
